Switch to Play 3 and Pekko (#490)
playframework/play-grpc: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Play gRPC

> https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-grpc/current/[Pekko gRPC] provides support for building streaming gRPC servers and clients on top of Pekko Streams. Play gRPC provides examples and tools on embedding Pekko gRPC endpoints on Play applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://pekko.apache.org/docs/pekko-grpc/current/index.html[Pekko gRPC] provides support for building streaming gRPC servers and clients on top of Pekko Streams. Play gRPC provides examples and tools on embedding Pekko gRPC endpoints on Play applications.
```

> For a full example project see the https://developer.lightbend.com/guides/play-java-grpc-example/[Quickstart Java project] or https://developer.lightbend.com/guides/play-scala-grpc-example/[Quickstart Scala project]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full example project see the https://github.com/playframework/play-samples/tree/3.0.x/play-java-grpc-example[Quickstart Java project] or https://github.com/playframework/play-samples/tree/3.0.x/play-scala-grpc-example[Quickstart Scala project]
```
